Add docs to get the public key from the origin (#1078)
PelicanPlatform/pelican: docs/pages/serving_an_origin.mdx

    ```

Congratulations! Your have finished setting up and running your origin.

## Obtain the Public Key of the Origin

> Pelican origin follows [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](https://openid.net/developers/how-connect-works/) protocol for authenticating users for object accesses. In the OIDC setup, a user's identity was encoded in a _token_ that is _signed_ by the origin, using its _private key_. The private key only lives on the origin server and is never exposed to the public. To verify the integrity the token and make sure it's not tampered by malicious attackers, a _public key_ generated from the _private key_ is available for others to check the signature of the token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pelican origins follow the [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](https://openid.net/developers/how-connect-works/) protocol for authenticating users for object access. In the OIDC setup, a user's identity is encoded in a _token_ that is _signed_ by the origin using its _private key_. The private key only lives on the origin server and is never exposed to the public. To verify the integrity the token and make sure it's not tampered by malicious attackers, a _public key_ generated from the _private key_ is available for others to use ti check the signature of the token.
```

> The _public keys_ are used in Pelican federation to facilitate user authentication and server identity verification. It is also used to register a namespace at the Pelican registry. The public key used to register a namespace at the Pelican registry should be the public key of the Pelican origin that exports and hosts the namespace. This is because Pelican origin manages user identity verification and authorization for the namespaces it exports. To look up the public key of a Pelican origin, go to `https://<your-origin-hostname>:<origin-web-port>/.well-known/issuer.jwks`. The public key will be automatically downloaded as a `JSON` file. An example file is as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _public keys_ are used in a Pelican federation to facilitate user authentication and server identity verification. The are also used to register a namespace at the Pelican registry. The public key used to register a namespace at the Pelican registry should be the public key of the Pelican origin that exports and hosts the namespace. This is because the Pelican origin manages user identity verification and authorization for the namespaces it exports. To look up the public key of a Pelican origin, go to `https://<your-origin-hostname>:<origin-web-port>/.well-known/issuer.jwks`. The public key will be automatically downloaded as a `JSON` file. An example file is as following:
```
